=pod

=head1 NAME

l10n-maker - Translate dictionary generator for Movable Type.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

this script generates and updates translate dictyonary from source codes of
Movable Type and it's plugins.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

$ l10nmaker --langeuae=LANGTAG [ options.. ] [ dir... ]

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item * component

specify the component name to make translate file.

=item * translated

specify the l10n file that already exists

=item * laguage

langtag of target language of translating

=item * steal-from-core ( optional )

if it's true, and the phrase was found in MT core translate dictionary, include
it to the new lexicon.

=item * format ( optional )

output format

=item * new-phrases-only ( optional )

output unknown phrases only

=item * footprint ( optional: default is true )

flag to print comment that says which file the phrases come from. if you don't
like it, --no-footprint to stop it.

=item * no-unused ( optional )

by default, script outputs the phrases that already translated but can't find
in the source codes, at the end of lexicon. if this option is enabled, stop that.

=item * update ( optional )

overwrite an existing L10N file by the new dictionary.

=item * output ( optional )

specify the output file to generate.
if no output file was passed, script prints out the dictionary to STDOUT.

=item * verbose ( optional )

prints the details what this script is doing to STDERR.

=item * help

display this help.

=back

=head1 HOW_TO_USE

=head2 Building Core Dictionary

When you want to update MT's core L10N files, go to MT's Home directory, then
run this script with component option set to 'core'.

    $ l10n-maker --language ja --component core

=head2 Building Installed Plugin's Dictionary

When you want to update a plugin's L10N files that are already installed
( as bundled StyleCatcher plugin ), go to MT's Home directory, then
run this script with component option set to the Plugin name.

    $ l10n-maker --language ja --component StyleCatcher

=head2 Building Stand Alone Plugin's Dictionary

When you want to update a stand alone plugin ( something like just cloned
from GitHub ), at first, set an excutable MT's path to the environment
variable 'MT_HOME', then go to the plugin's root directory and run l10n_maker.
l10n-maker scans all files under the current directory.

    $ l10n-maker --language ja

=cut
